I know this isn't exactly in line with the existing ideas for this mod, but this is how I envisioned it.

On sleep event (can happen at any time)
	If shift+right-click into bed (or maybe using a special item?).
		Prevent sleep. *I have it working up to this point. It currently sends back a message saying "playername is having an out of body experience"
		Spawn new uninhabited player (extended EntityPlayer?).
		Make uninhabited player sleep in bed.
		Put player into pseudo creative mode (transparent?, no health/hunger, no aggro, flight?, no block breaking, no inventory).
	using a bed as normal should still be entirely compatible with this method of doing things.
	
Player is then able to freely roam as a spirit.

When player attacks an npc or uninhabited player (or any entity?)
	Other entity is removed from the world.
	Player morphs into the skin of other entity.
	Bond strength timer starts so the bond strengthens with. 
	Player gains other entity's attributes (health, strength, inventory - zombies have 1 inv slot + armour etc.).
	Player can stay in possession as long as they want, but the chance of a graceful exit gets less with time. Any longer than the length of one full day/night cycle (in case time is somehow changed) removes any chance of a graceful exit.
	Player can only be a spirit for a total time of one day/night cycle per life. When that time expires, the player dies.
	Player must repossess their own body the same way to return.
	If players body is currently possessed they can not return without their body being evacuated, either by choice or death.
	Players can be exorcised and forced out of a possessed body by an unpossessed player with a special item.
	
On graceful exit
	Player becomes a spirit again.
	Entity is respawned at the current location.
	
On death
	Player respawns at world spawn as a spirit and must find their body again to reinhabit it.
	If possessing someone elses body, that body respawns at the bed it was asleep in when possessed. The body's inventory will be dropped at the death point as usual.